Image 1:

STRATEGY
CLOSED CLUB BY NATALI VOO
MONTHLY DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY
NATALI VOO

Image 2:

JULY
2025

04
REELS IN JULY
Actively warming up the audience

31
STORIES WITH STORYTELLING
Moving away from long storytelling in Stories, making them shorter and more concise.

JULY STRATEGY
03
In July, we follow the strategy called "I am the product of my product."

REELS WEEK 1
04
In the first week of July, we make 3 Reels: for reach, expertise, and hidden sales.

STORIES WEEK 1
31
Actively start warming up the audience through stories.

REELS WEEK 2
46
In the second week of July, we make 3 Reels: for sales, expertise, and personal.

STORIES WEEK 2
62
A lot of warming content.

Image 3:

JULY STRATEGY

In July, we adhere to a strategy focused on warming up the audience and sales. This strategy is called "I am the product of my product."

In social networks, the principle of craftsmanship works – this means that people are most willing to buy goods, seek services, and strive for knowledge from those people whose lives they see being changed by their product. A sale happens when a person sees in your life what they themselves aspire to. Therefore, it is important to show what your product, service, or training brings to you, what the client wants, and you are the product of your product. Often we share some impressions. For example, how nice it is that you receive so much attention from men. Or some benefit. For example, how to correctly collect feedback from clients in a beauty studio so that they leave it in large quantities. But people do not draw a parallel between the information and our product. They do not realize that your skill in applying makeup beautifully and maintaining your appearance is related to increased attention from the opposite sex. Or that your ability to work with feedback forms a strong client base. Therefore, we need to explain the connection between our results and the product ourselves – so that the person understands that they can achieve the same result, that with the help of what we have, and what they can also use, they will get what they strive for. For example, there is an entrepreneur who conducted research among the target audience, identified requests on how people want to package their product in offline business, assembled a team for this, developed a product, and offered very favorable conditions. For example, payment after production, discounts on circulation, and so on. There is also another person who developed a cool package in their offline business, and everyone started asking what kind of package it was and where to make it. He started telling everyone that he came up with it himself. Everyone wanted to repeat it, but did not know how – lacked tools and ideas. So this person created a natural demand. Then, based on this demand, he created a seminar, and now for his service, he develops packaging for other businesses so that they also have wow, and launched this business, constantly talking about the results that the packaging gave him in his own business. To whom, who of the two are buyers more likely to turn? Of course, to the person who not only showed how he applies, sees a difficult result, but also explained why it works. And, of course, this person is 20 times more than the second.

Your task is to choose 2-3 definitions that describe your feature, uniqueness, or distinction. In my case, it is simplicity and psychology, because I show how to make working content very simply, thanks to knowledge of psychology and how to dig into a person. You also need to highlight 2-3 words that describe you, and then all the benefits you will provide should be in these themes. If you have a product business, it is enough for you to divide all useful content. For example, your distinction is explaining the topic. The second theme can be accompanying – femininity. In this case, you give a deep understanding of the topic, and then start your credentials and all the advantages that can be obtained thanks to your product.

Let's shake up the profile in July!

DESIGNATIONS

video for Reels
upload video additionally to TikTok
upload video additionally to Shorts
upload video additionally to VK if the audience is in Russia
information on Reels in the closed Telegram channel

03